
 
# Rock: A Malay Movie About a 1980s Rock Band
 
Rock is a 2005 Malaysian comedy musical film directed by Mamat Khalid and starring Hasnul Rahmat, Que Haidar, Khir Rahman, Siti Elizad and Nabila Huda. It is the first installment in the Rock film series and was released in cinemas on December 8, 2005[^3^].
 
**DOWNLOAD &gt;&gt;&gt; [https://t.co/8tdUvMVhRr](https://t.co/8tdUvMVhRr)**


 
The film tells the story of Zack, a bored postal worker who finds a letter addressed to his old rock band, Rimba Bara. He reminisces about the 1980s days when he and his friends Jijo (bass), Black (drum) and Amy (vocals) formed the band and tried to make it big in the rock music scene. Along the way, they faced various obstacles and comedic mishaps, such as rival bands, family issues, love interests and personal conflicts[^4^].
 
Rock is a tribute to the Malaysian rock legends of the 1980s, such as Search, Wings, Lefthanded and XPDC. The film features cameo appearances by some of these rock icons, such as Amy Search, Man Kidal and Nasir Jani. The film also features original songs composed by Mamat Khalid and performed by the cast members[^5^].
 
Rock was well received by critics and audiences alike, who praised its humor, nostalgia, soundtrack and performances. The film won several awards at the 19th Malaysian Film Festival, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Original Score. The film also spawned two sequels: Rock Oo! Rimba Bara Kembali (2013) and Rock Bro! Rimba Bara 2 (2016)[^3^].
 
Rock 2005 Malay Movie IMDb,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Veoh,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free 168 SoundCloud,  HD Online Player filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Download PDF,  Rock Malay Movie 2005 Watch Online Free,  Rock 2005 Mamat Khalid Comedy Drama Musical,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free Download MP4,  HD Online Player Rock 2005 Malay Movie Streaming,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 English Subtitles,  Rock 2005 Cast and Crew IMDbPro,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free 168 Lyrics,  HD Online Player Rock Oo! Rimba Bara Kembali Sequel,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Trailer YouTube,  Rock 2005 Box Office and Company Info IMDb,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free Online Dailymotion,  HD Online Player Zombi Kampung Pisang Mamat Khalid Horror Comedy,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Review New Straits Times,  Rock 2005 Production Company Grand Brilliance Malaysia,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free HD Quality Torrent,  HD Online Player CEO The Lies I Tell Watchlist IMDb,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Songs and Soundtrack Spotify,  Rock 2005 Filming Locations Taiping Perak Malaysia IMDb,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free Sub Indo Netflix,  HD Online Player Man Laksa Mamat Khalid Musical Comedy Watchlist IMDb,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Poster and Images Google Images,  Rock 2005 Technical Specs Runtime Color IMDb,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free Hindi Dubbed Worldfree4u,  HD Online Player Rock Bro Third Installment of Rock Film Series Watchlist IMDb,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Awards and Nominations IMDb,  Rock 2005 Storyline and Plot Summary IMDb,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free Arabic Subtitles OpenSubtitles.org,  HD Online Player Nabila Huda Nurfarazana Nasir Jani Top Cast IMDb,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Quotes and Dialogues IMDb Memorable Quotes,  Rock 2005 Connections and References IMDb Trivia,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free Malay Subtitles Subscene.com,  HD Online Player Amy Search Juri S. Amin Shahab Zack's Father Kamarool Yusof Cik Man MC Supporting Cast IMDb,  Rock - [Malay Movie] 2005 Ratings and Reviews Rotten Tomatoes Metacritic IMDb User Ratings,  Rock 2005 Release Date and Country of Origin IMDb Details,  Filem Rock 2005 Full Movie Free BluRay Quality Amazon Prime Video iTunes Google Play Movies YouTube Movies Microsoft Store Vudu FandangoNOW Redbox Netflix DVD Hulu HBO Max Peacock Disney+ Paramount+ Apple TV+ Showtime Starz Epix Cinemax Tubi Pluto TV Crackle Popcornflix Kanopy Hoopla Plex Roku Channel Viki AsianCrush Mubi Shudder Criterion Channel Acorn TV BritBox Sundance Now AMC+ IFC Films Unlimited Magnolia Selects Topic CuriosityStream Discovery+ History Vault Smithsonian Channel Plus BET+ Lifetime Movie Club Hallmark Movies Now UP Faith & Family Pure Flix Dove Channel Gaia MHz Choice Walter Presents Hi-YAH! Eros Now Zee5 ALTBalaji Ullu MX Player Hotstar SonyLIV Voot Zindagi Hungama Play ShemarooMe BigFlix Eros Now Quickie JioCinema Airtel Xstream Viu YuppTV Sun NXT Spuul HOOQ iflix ViKi Rakuten TV Filmin Atresplayer Movistar+ Orange TV FlixOlé Starzplay HBO España Amazon Prime Video España Disney+ España Apple TV+ España Netflix España Filmin Latino Claro Video Blim TV Pantaya Cinepolis Klic Izzi Go Megacable Xview Totalplay Dish OTT Sky Go HBO Go HBO Max Brasil Globoplay Telecine Play Looke NetMovies Vivo Play Amazon Prime Video Brasil Apple TV+ Brasil Disney+ Brasil Netflix Brasil Stan Binge Foxtel Now Kayo Sports Fetch TV Telstra TV Optus Sport Amazon Prime Video Australia Apple TV+ Australia Disney+ Australia Netflix Australia Lightbox Neon Sky Go NZ Amazon Prime Video NZ Apple TV+ NZ Disney+ NZ Netflix NZ (Note: This is a very long keyword that covers many streaming platforms in different regions. It may not be very useful for SEO purposes, but it shows the variety of options available for watching the movie online.)

## Rock Oo!: Rimba Bara Kembali: A Sequel to Rock
 
Rock Oo!: Rimba Bara Kembali, or simply Rock Oo!, is a 2013 Malaysian comedy musical film directed by Mamat Khalid and starring Que Haidar, Khir Rahman, Soffi Jikan and Pekin Ibrahim. It is the sequel to Rock (2005) and the second installment in the Rock film series. It was released in cinemas on February 28, 2013[^1^].
 
The film follows the life of Amy Mat Piah (Que Haidar) after he was kicked out of Rimba Bara, his former rock band. He works as a shaved ice seller and often dreams about his glory days with the band. Meanwhile, Rimba Bara is shocked by the news that their current vocalist, Zul Kapan (Soffi Jikan), has quit the band to join another record company. Amy sees this as an opportunity to rejoin his old bandmates, Jijoe (Khir Rahman) and Black (Azmi Black). However, they also have to deal with a new guitarist, Slash (Pekin Ibrahim), who has a shady past[^1^].
 
Rock Oo! is a homage to the Malaysian rock scene of the 1980s and 1990s, featuring songs by legendary bands such as Search, Wings, Lefthanded and XPDC. The film also features cameo appearances by some of these rock stars, such as Amy Search, Man Kidal and Nasir Jani. The film also showcases the rural culture and lifestyle of Malaysia, as well as the challenges faced by aspiring musicians[^2^].
 
Rock Oo! received mixed reviews from critics and audiences, who praised its humor, nostalgia, soundtrack and performances, but criticized its plot, direction and editing. The film won one award at the 26th Malaysian Film Festival for Best Original Song. The film also spawned another sequel: Rock Bro! Rimba Bara 2 (2016)[^1^].
 8cf37b1e13
 
